Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I'm going to go over some things and pray real quick with y'all. I'll make it short for you.
You know, there's a lot of people disappointed about New York. And you know what?
The sky is not falling chicken little kind of for what I've seen.
I don't mean to be negative, but I'm just trying to tell you all a great shaking is coming, like I've warned you.
And in the great shaking that's coming, we will have the greatest, glorious church rise out of a shaking. I've warned you even about midterms of next year.
I saw it back in August when I went into the future and the Lord allowed me to go into 2026, 2027, 2028 and I saw the outcome of the election of 2026 and the Lord said if the church doesn't rise up and pray and do what they did in 2024, for the election last year, it will not be a red wave.
You will see a blue wave and you will see a stalemate presidency. And the Lord said this we would lose the Senate.
But he said if the church didn't get out and vote, well that of course, but right now it's more than that.
It's prayer and intercession for the ungodly. Look what they did in New York today.
We have a man that is a communist in my opinion. It's a sad day for New York in my opinion because of what I've seen coming.
But not sad in the part where you go, 'Oh no, everything's over.'I'm just trying to be real with y'all.
A shaking to awaken. And I saw a mass migration of people leaving.
I saw people saying it's not safe anymore. We got to get out of here. I saw people packing up and moving south.
I saw a lot of people leaving New Jersey and the areas over that New York City and all that and they were moving down south trying to find a new life.
They are moving for the revival and they don't even realize it because there's hot spots for the revival.
And what did I tell you? Some places in the United States would experience revival more than others.
Similar to Azusa Street when you had to go to Azusa Street in California.
You didn't just stay in Oklahoma and say, 'I want to be a part of Azusa Street.'You had to pick up your stuff and go.
So, they went and people that were hungry went on trains or whatever they could do to go to Azusa Street.
So I have seen Azusa Streets breaking out all over America, all over the world.
And the Lord showed me Minneapolis, Minnesota with Living Word church there with Lyn Hammond and her kids.
And I saw a major revival breaking out in these areas, but they were cultivated out of prayer.
Every major revival starts with prayer. Every revival. If you look at Azusa Street, it started with prayer.
William Seymour, they started with prayer. I've said this over and over.
Pensacola with John Kilpatrick started with prayer. Two years of intercessory prayer.
And so on and so on. The Welsh revival, all of you. Everything is always birthed out of prayer.
Prayer, prayer, prayer. It's the foundation for everything.
And that is why I believe the Lord Jesus said, 'Brendan, I want you to go on YouTube and create a prayer army, raise up men and women that will pray for the end time church and for this last revival, for the move of God that's about to take place.'And I believe that's what we're here to do even tonight is to pray.
I know we see the darkness and we see things happening like right now. We see the plane and UPS or whatever happened.
That was terrible with that wing of that plane and it ignited and I don't even know why it did all that, but for what my son showed me, that was a very bad incident that happened today.
Does anybody see that? Let's play that real quick. They can see that.
You got it? It looks like it was already on fire when he was trying to take off.
So, I don't know why he was even trying to take off, but he went somewhere.
He's with Jesus or wherever. But that is very, very sad and tragic for that family.
Sorry, I forget, you got to filter things better, Brendan. But you know, it's a sad situation there.
And so, there was all kinds of bomb threats and everything else happened today. I want to go over yesterday's video.
I believe there was some confusion at the beginning of everybody thinking that I'm saying the Atlas is this event that's taking place or that Oral Roberts, that's not it, what I was seeing in the spirit and then I relayed it again at the end of the video that I said I do not believe that Atlas will turn out to be anything.
I don't believe that this is the major event that Oral Roberts was seeing in the spirit. And I have it right here if you want to listen to it again.
I think it's kind of redundant to go over things again, but I made the video again to make it clear what I was trying to tell you all that another major event, the Lord gave us the word last night that another major event, another major shaking that is similar, something that's attached to this Atlas, something to what we're about to see that is a shaking to awaken.
that he said, 'Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knee.'And the Lord said, 'Go back and look at the word from brother Oral Roberts, evangelist Oral Roberts, and what he prophesied back in 2004.'So, we did and we played the little clip about the fire and all the things that he saw in the spirit.
It was such a visitation that he had from the Lord that shook him and he was not able to see what it was.
You know what? Because he went home before. But 20-some years later, here we are and the Lord's bringing it up again and he's stirring.
I felt so much fire in my stomach last night when I was talking about that.
I felt like I had something whipping something. It was stirring.
I could feel it just stirring inside of me like a locomotive just stirring whenever the Lord said speak this out and tell them a major shaking.
Everything that we ever have seen, everything that we've ever known is going to change within 24 hours.
He keeps talking about major changes coming to this world. A major shaking. But he said it would.
He said this would be a sign to the nations that the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
That it would shake the people and bring them to their knees and there would be a major revival break forth out of this people going back to church.
And that's what the Lord said. They're coming back to church. But what will they get when they get there?
Will they get the stale word that you've been feeding them, preachers?
Will they get the stale, dried up word that you've been feeding the people and they're anemic and dying spiritually because you feed them a lukewarm gospel?
Or are they going to get the Holy Ghost and fire? That's what I want to ask you preachers because right now the fruit of where we are in this nation is on your shoulders.
Because where we are as a nation is because the church doesn't have a backbone preaching the truth telling people that Jesus Christ is coming and that they're going to hell if they don't repent and change from their wicked ways.
It's the church's fault. We are griping about the fruit of an election in New York.
But we need to gripe about the root. And the root is the church is not doing what it's supposed to be doing.
Preaching and teaching people how to live righteous and holy.
But we give them skinny jeans and fog machines 30 minute little sermon.
Make sure you take up your offering because that's the most important thing to a lot of you. Then you go up and you take your offering.
You got your little bitty sermonette and you got your little bitty Holy Ghost worship with your lights and all your stuff and then you send them on their way and they're still starving spiritually.
And that's the problem with America. I get so persecuted because I have a two-hour prayer service because people go, "Brandon, I got other things I'm doing in my life.
We don't have time to pray.""How come you see so much, Brandon?
How come God comes and visits you, Brandon?"Because I spend time with him.
Well, it's more than a two-hour little time a day, I can assure you that.
And most people go, "Well, I've got things."Do you not think I got things going on in my life?
Everybody has a 24-hour day and a 7-day work week. I got to make money just like you do, but there's priorities.
Just like there is a guy that goes to the gym that works out twice a day and looks buff and looks good, I go to the spiritual gym.
I may not go to the physical gym, as you can see, but I'm going to tell you: I go to the spiritual gym. And I intercede for most of you all the time.
Seeing what I see, having an impartation, and having Jesus come and visit you in your house doesn't come from 10 minutes of prayer.
They go, "Well, you know, Brandon, I just wish you'd cut your things down."I'm trying to teach you.
I'm trying to teach you how to get there, and you're never going to make it for what's coming.
The Lord said, "Go on YouTube and tell my people and teach them how to pray. Teach them how to seek me, Brandon, and they'll find me.
Teach them how to knock and the door will be opened."But the way they're being taught right now by the church—the seeker-friendlies—they're never going to make it for what's coming: the great falling away.
Many of you will curse God in the days ahead. You'll blame him and say, "I turned my back on him.
I never knew him."Just like when the rooster crowed and he said, "I don't know him.
I don't know him."How many times you'll be just like him when persecution comes?
I told you: like olives, you're going to go through the olive press.
Many of you in Canada, Australia, and these areas, you don't understand what's coming.
You feel that it's just status quo, but I've warned you and warned you.
You're a frog in a pot and the water's beginning to boil around you and you don't even know it.
Am I totally ready for it? No. But I'm a lot further along than a lot of you.
You say, "Why do you keep saying the same things over?"Because that's what I'm instructed to do.
Just like Jeremiah, I don't know when to say what I say, but the Lord said, "Go on and tell them again."They must be ready for what's coming.
"But the rapture is coming, brother! We're not going to experience any of this!"You are so blind.
I believe in the rapture of the church more than a lot of you do. I've seen the Lord and I've talked to him face to face.
And I'm telling you, he said, "Brandon, this is the beginning of sorrows. A great shaking's coming.
I don't want that anyone should perish, but all come to repentance."Where are they at right now?
They're all asleep. You must tell them. He was so frustrated—from what I felt.
I don't want to say the Lord was frustrated, but that's what I could perceive in me, because the Lord doesn't get angry like that.
When we're talking, I can see the compassion in his eyes. I wouldn't say it's frustration, but saying the church is asleep.
"Brandon, go on and tell them again,"just like it was with Lot.
"I come and visit my friends. I'm looking for a friend."I told you all that. Remember that day? "I'm looking for a friend.
The eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole world, looking for a heart who's perfect toward him.
Looking for a heart that just wants to be his friend, that's yielded and says, 'God, here am I. I just want to talk to you.
No agenda.'"I don't have anything; I just want to talk to you without looking at my watch every five minutes because prayer is boring.
I get lost in prayer like I do on this channel. I don't look at it as a task; I look at it as an honor.
Like tonight, I was out and I was putting some lights in my tree because I like to look at my tree.
And he said, "Are you going to go pray tonight? Brandon, would you go do prayer tonight for me?
Don't tell my people; go do prayer."And I said, "Okay, Father."I already had told Diana, "I'm not doing prayer tonight."I was frustrated with the comment section and what Braden was telling me about things today.
I said, "I need a break, son. They don't get it."When he relays to me what's going on, he says, "This is what's happening, Daddy."I said, "I need a break today.
I need to stay outside and just talk to the Father."And he came to me. He's so gentle.
I was tweaking my little light and he said, "Brandon, will you do me a favor?
Will you go pray with the people?"I looked at Braden, who was sitting beside me, and I said, "You know what? He just asked."He goes, "Yeah, Dad.
I've already got the lights set up."Because he knew what the Father was going to ask, because we know his pattern.
We know his tugs. You become familiar with him. And he says, "I just want you to pray.
Could you just lead them in prayer tonight?""Yeah, Dad, I'll do it for you."The heart is heavy concerning New York, the planes, and what I saw last night.
After what I saw about the terrorist attacks coming to America, they're about to implement some kind of a device they've been working on that will not be able to be detected by dogs or X-ray machines.
They have it perfected. I can't tell you how I saw it happen. All I can tell you is there is a device that has been made and perfected, and they're waiting to test it.
It will not be detected by Homeland Security, X-ray machines, or dogs.
They have spent millions of dollars perfecting something that cannot be detected.
Most of you have no clue what's in our country. I tell you this to call you to pray, not to fear.
You don't realize the grace that God has spared us so far and how he's protected us and protected our president by his hand, his mercy, and his grace every single day.
He protects Donald Trump, he protects our judges, and he protects you.
Many of you don't realize how many near-death experiences you've almost had every single day, and God has spared you and you don't even realize it.
You wake up every single day and the hand of God is on you. But I'm telling you this because I've seen a great shaking coming again and again.
Most people are so focused on this Atlas. They're all fascinated by a rock coming, traveling really fast, and you've got all these people talking about it.
It's on all the shows, NASA's talking about it, you've got Fox News.
"What is this thing? It's moving faster."It's all such great distractions.
What's coming is the size of Manhattan. If it hits the Earth, we're done; we're like the dinosaurs.
There will be nothing left. So we know that is not going to happen because it doesn't line up with the Word. It's not Apophis or whatever you want to call wormwood.
Whatever this is, I told you there's going to be a false alien invasion—like a mothership with an actual demonic thing talking on the TV.
It's coming, and the Lord said many people will believe it. Even if it was possible, the elect will be deceived.
Watch what I'm telling you, it will come eventually. They will interview this thing that looks like a stick creature that's 12-foot-tall on TV.
I've seen it; I watched the lady interview it in the spirit when I was praying.
She holds the mic up to it and they're talking, and everybody's fascinated with this creature that's going to talk.
And the Lord said, 'If you can entertain angels unaware, you can entertain demonic stuff unaware, entertain demonic demons and everything unawares.'I warn you about these things that are coming.
But what Oral Roberts saw, I had forgotten about it until last night.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, this is coming.'I'm bringing a sign for this generation, for a shaking to awaken—not just for the church, but for the world—a sign of the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
So when you hear about things like I'm talking about, you need to pray for the Super Bowl, the Olympics, massive gatherings, the Rockefeller Christmas lighting, the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, the New York Times Square ball drop on New Year's Eve—major gatherings that are televised.
Pray for our nation, for we have an enemy within, a Red Dawn experience.
I said most of you say it's terrorists; no, it's an invasion from another country.
I try to tell you over and over again. That's what we'll pray tonight and continue to pray. I don't give up; I pray and I pray.
They said, 'Well, since we lost the election in New York, I refuse to pray anymore.'Well, that's the ticket; that's a great attitude.
What? Let's give up on prayer because we're praying for the fruit whenever the root's the problem?
And you're mad whenever the fruit doesn't turn out the way you want it to because the preachers aren't preaching the truth.
We go, 'Well, let's just give up on prayer.'It's not the Lord's fault because you preach a lukewarm gospel.
As the church goes, so goes the world. We are the salt and the light.
It's not the world's fault it's dumb; it's the church that has to teach them and preach the truth.
How will they hear the word unless a preacher is sent? That's even scripture.
I don't remember exactly how it goes, but how will they hear it unless someone is sent? It's about the preachers preaching the truth.
I say all that because it's on my heart going into this holiday season—praying over the FAA and the baggage claims, praying over the flights over Thanksgiving.
We must have our government opened up. The Lord said, 'You have a sliver.'Remember what I told you all?
He said, 'I'm giving you a sliver.'Back then, it was around Halloween, Darren, before the 31st, before the first, before the snap was, right?
He said, 'I'm giving you a little sliver. There's a little sliver; you can push this through.'Do you know what that meant to me?
This is going to require work; you're going to have to contend.
I know when He's saying that; He didn't say, 'I've got this.'You see, you must push.
You can push it. You have a little bit right here. You can sway these seven.
There's seven you can sway. You're working on people's hearts.
You cannot force them to do what you want them to do; they have free will.
But you can pray for a softness of their heart. Father, I call for softness.
If you try to manipulate somebody, it's witchcraft. You can't force somebody to do what you want them to do.
I had so many people say, 'I want you to pray that this woman will love me.'They sent me a picture of her and everything.
They said they had Perry Stone pray over her and all these others.
'This woman, I just know she's my wife.'You've dated her for four months, but you want me to pray some kind of weird prayer over her so you'll get married and have kids together?
She doesn't want to be with you, but you want me to pray for her will to change whenever you hardly know her?
People send me stuff and I just go, 'That's the state of the church.'I go, 'This isn't even biblical. Are y'all serious?
You want me to manipulate somebody in the spirit realm for you so you can be married to her?'I'm like, 'You can't do that to somebody; that's demonic.'You've got people doing occultic stuff thinking it's Christianity, and it's not.
It's flaky. And you go, 'No, you're not going to.'If Diana said tomorrow—I pray for her—'I don't want to be married to you anymore,'I'd say, 'I pray for your heart, babe.
We've been married for a long time.'You know what I'm saying?
But you can't go over there and just start beating on somebody and saying, 'Well, you're going to believe—this is what the Word says.'If they don't want to live the Christian life anymore, they don't have to.
It's free will; God gave every single one of us free will. But I pray for them to change.
Pray for the softness of their heart that the blinders would come off, because for a lot of us, it's a demonic spirit messing with people.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, spiritual wickedness in high places.
It's demonic spirits that are messing with folks like the guy in New York. So, Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi...
people say, 'You pick on the Democrats a lot.'Yeah, because there's a lot of demonic Democrats.
Yeah, there's a lot of demonic Republicans. I just call it what it is.
I tried to stay neutral in all this, but I see people and what they believe and what they stand for, and I go, 'Y'all, they don't have Jesus.'None of them do.
There's not a lot of Republicans that do. I pray Donald Trump does, quite frankly, as he dropped the F-bomb all the time.
I go, 'God help him; he needs to have an awakening unto God.'Not that people don't say bad words, but you certainly don't say it behind a pulpit in public like that—dropping the F-bomb all the time.
The Lord said he was going to have a road to Damascus experience and he was going to be shaken to awaken.
The Lord said a major fire was going to hit this man and the glory of the Lord was going to use him.
He would be baptized in the Holy Ghost. The Lord said this stuff not just through me, but through Kim Clement and others.
I believe with all my heart that Don Jr. and Eric Jr. are going to be amazing preachers for the Lord—end-time funders of the gospel.
God's anointed them for finances. I believe that God's going to use them; we need people like that, like the Greens and the Hobby Lobbies, to do this stuff.
Okay, there's 30 minutes. My son rolled his eyes. I love you, B.
I thought you... because they go, 'There he goes again.'No.
So, okay. Well, let's pray together real quick. I was waiting to see if Diana was going to come in here.
Hold on just a second. Please don't leave, y'all. I'll try to entertain them.
He was looking into this; y'all sent this last night. Where is it?
Don't leave, y'all. Okay, don't leave. But he said this looks like the stuff that was in his vision.
Somebody sent this to us, and it looks very similar. So, thank you to whoever sent that to us.
We might talk about it later. We'll just do this tonight, don't worry about it.
I came back as fast as I could. Tomorrow is good. Let's pray. Father, we just thank you for your blood, for your body that was broken for us.
Was there any other articles you wanted to show me? That knife?
You want to show them that? That's the thing that I saw. I just showed them.
That was the thing I saw in the spirit that they were using what I saw them making these sacrifices in Berlin.
And the Lord told me that obsidian knife, whatever it is, was demonic.
It's a demonic device, some kind of weapon. I don't know, but that's what they're doing for the Olympics there.
There's something about the Olympics and the opening ceremony.
The Lord said, 'Pray into that.'I said, 'What is it?'He said, 'Watch what they do.'They're summoning things. Do you understand?
That's whenever I said those devils in hell were looking, and they know that the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
They even know there's an urgency in the kingdom of darkness.
They know that Jesus Christ is coming. How much more should his church be ready?
If the devil in hell knows that his time is short, how much more should the body of Christ have an urgency inside of them?
If you spend time with him, you'll have an urgency because that's what he's warning.
It's like an alarm, like those traffic lights when you're driving and it's flashing: Stop!
Warning! That's where we are right now in the realm of the spirit.
He's warning us. A major something is about to happen. The coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
And even the devils in hell know, people. Most people are, like I said, status quo; they have their head in the sand.
But not on this channel. I hope I shake you. I hope I stir you. I hope you get ready and prepared to pray, and I'm excited you're here.
For the newcomers, there's so many new faces. I think we grew another thousand subscribers in the last couple days.
They're coming from everywhere. Our X account has grown substantially.
Braden said, 'Dad, X is taking off over there,'and so he's really trying to promote X because he's trying to build a second platform. If anything happened over here, we'd have a backup.
We have an X account and our YouTube, because I say things over here, but you can say a lot more over there and not get in trouble like I can over here.
I have to really watch what I say. So, it's awesome to have that.
I'm going to start going live on my X account, probably this week or next week; he's trying to get me all set up.
So all glory to Jesus that everybody's finding me and I'm excited about it.
X is taking off for us. Facebook took off a little bit here and there.
I just cannot stand Facebook, and I cannot stand Instagram or TikTok.
I have over 300,000 followers on TikTok and I'm like, where are all these young people coming from?
It's crazy. Father, I thank you for the body. I thank you for what you're doing for us in these last days.
You've not given up on us. You never left us and you never forsake us. Father, you said we're the closers.
I thank you, Lord, that we don't disappoint, that we're people that when you look at us, you say, 'I'm so pleased with them.
Well done, Brandon. Well done, Diana. Well done, crowd. You all did it.
You went all in. You were hungry. You were thirsty. You went after me.
You found me.'Not only that, but you told the world that I was coming and you didn't sit idly by, just on a park bench waiting for things.
We sought him and we found him. Father, I thank you for this body that was broken for us.
You died for us and you rose again on the third day. I'm so grateful, Father, that you healed us and you've made us whole.
You took all that on the cross according to Galatians, that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
I'm so grateful, Father, that by your stripes, we're healed.
Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus. We are so grateful for it.
Amen. Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood. I apply the blood tonight as I pray.
I thank you, Lord, that if there's anything you want to show me, Father, I yield to you uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over my spiritual eyes so there's no demonic spirits that bother me.
I plead the blood all around me and I send angels around me. I thank you that I hear your voice, and a stranger's voice I shall not follow.
I apply the blood of Jesus over Diana, Braden, Megan, Paisley, over our finances, our house, our car, everything, God, that you bless us with.
I apply the blood over us. I thank you, Father, that the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for tonight's prayer, that we are led by your spirit. We're expecting to touch the hem of your garment.
Every single time we touch that hem, we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood right now in Jesus'name. Thank you. Forgive us of our sins.
He's such a good God. Amen. Lord, we take the blood. 500 turned away that fast from communion.
That's incredible. Father, we worship you. You don't have to update me anymore, Braden; that's good.
Father, I thank you that you open the eyes of our heart. I want to see you. Open the eyes of our heart, Lord. I want to see you.
Instantaneously, I hear the Lord say, 'Angelic visitation.'Angels unawares.
Angelic aid and assistance on another level that we've never experienced before in this generation or any generation prior.
He's sending his angelic aid and assistance on this generation.
He said, 'I remember on the edge of heaven when I said I'm sending them.'There'll be two per person concerning the lost souls to help bring in the harvest.
It was a covering over the people. Father, I thank you for the angelic armies.
I thank you for the angelic host, the warring angels, the archangels warring on our behalf.
Father, they helped pave the way and the harvesting equipment when you showed me the Lord of the harvest.
When I saw the harvesting equipment in the barn and you said the anointing and the glory and the outpouring of my spirit, he said, 'Brandon, I filled my barn.
That barn is full. The silos are full, ready for the harvest.'The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
I saw the harvest equipment. It was the glory of the Lord. The angels are paving the way and the wheat was touching down and it was swaying in the distance. I could see it as he held his hand.
I could see the holes in his hand, and he held out his hands before me and said, 'Brandon, will you help me bring in my harvest?'He had overalls on, an old straw hat, a piece of straw, and wheat in his mouth.
He said, 'I'm the harvester.'Those hands had huge holes, the size of half dollars inside of his hands.
He had them in his feet. And the glory. I could see the wheat swaying behind him, the massive hole in his hand.
He said, "Would you help me bring in my harvest? I'm sending the angel armies to war in your behalf."The harvest was plentiful, but the laborers are few.
And now again, he brings up the angels to me. We're about to experience the supernatural like you wouldn't believe. You're about to experience the supernatural, church.
The ones that are hungry and the ones that are thirsty, the ones that are seeking him, you're about to experience the supernatural where it will become sweatless.
Where it seems that you toil and toil and you see nothing in the natural and you get weary in well-doing.
The Lord shows me that what we're about to experience will be like—I heard even Brother Hagin—that it will be as easy for a bird to fly in the air and a fish to swim in the water to tap into this as easy as it is for you to take a breath.
For he's opening the capped wells of revival and he's bringing us to that, not just to take a glass full, but for us to go to the bottom of it.
Are you ready for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen?
What will you do with the babies? You must be patient with the babies. They're coming. Father, we give you praise.
We thank you, Father, that the giftings like Kathryn Kuhlman, Jack Coe, Oral Roberts, and William Branham, all the ones that were before in the tent revival, Father, I thank you that those giftings...
I told you all back at Christmas time of this last year that I saw the angels with the chariots of fire delivering the mantles and they fell off and they went down on the people.
And he said, "Brandon, I'm visiting my people as they celebrate me in my birth, as they celebrate me and give me a day of honor."I'm bringing the giftings. I'm bringing the mantles.
And I saw the angels and the chariots of fire come out of the side of heaven and they went all around and they were delivering the packages and they were on fire in there.
But not everyone that was supposed to receive a package received it. They weren't ready for it.
He said, "And I saw the chariot of fire with that beautiful package go back up because they weren't ready for it."I thought, "Oh, how tragic."See, you qualify.
Most people think there's entitlement, that you just get it.
No, you qualify. He equips the qualified. You go from glory to glory. You accelerate, you acclimate.
Every time you go from glory to glory, he pours out his spirit in different levels.
There's different levels. It's in prayer. It's in everything.
I see it. But it comes with the refining fire. It comes with refining.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power will be known of him and not of us.
It's refining, and most people don't want to hear that. There's a price.
There's a price for the anointing. There's a price for his presence.
And I have learned the greater the refining, the greater the anointing, the greater the presence on your ministry.
It comes from refining. It's the treasure in the earthen vessel.
But I'm seeing tonight a wave of his goodness and his mercy with angelic armies like we've never seen before in this generation.
Angels'aid and assistance—that should get you so excited you want to run around your house.
I feel the anointing so strong when I say that. I feel the anointing of the Holy Spirit so strong on me right now.
I'm telling you, I feel fire on my ears. Angels'aid and assistance.
Hallelujah. Father, we thank you. Oh, now we went to something different.
The moment I shut my eyes, I see a building on fire again in New York.
It's on the northeast side. It's toward the north. Straight north.
It's on this side. Okay, so you're facing the Hudson River. I'll give you details.
The Hudson River is right here. It's right next to the Hudson because I can see the Hudson and it's on this side.
The Hudson's over here. This fire is on this side of the building. I'll be that specific with you.
The whole top floor of this building is on fire and it's blown out the glass.
It's very high up in the air. Now it's spread. Now it's over toward the south and it's spread from this side to this side.
Now I see this side, and all the glass is exploded out. I've never been to New York before, but is this by Central Park?
I see Central Park over here. So it would be in between Central Park and the Hudson.
You might say, "Well, Brandon, that's totally off."I'm just telling you, I see this.
It's in between. You see what I'm saying? Is it by that sun? Yeah.
So that's Central Park right there, and this is the Hudson. Okay, so it's right there in between those.
So you have Central Park and the Hudson River. It's right there in that strip.
To find the building, you're going to go down. It's in that strip of buildings right there.
Wherever I'm seeing, I can see and it's making it that clear.
So show me Central Park, son, because I see it in the side. So it's right there.
So you go from there to the Hudson. Do you see that? It's in that area right there.
What is this water right here, baby? What is that? Yes, East River.
Yeah, so there's two rivers that split it. Yes. Okay, it's right in between there.
So are there any Trump buildings around in there? Is there any kind of Trump building right in there?
I'm seeing this. This is the tall glass building. It's shaped all on the side and it looks like a mirrored looking glass.
I don't want to look. I don't want to interfere with this. This is a distraction from what's truly there.
It's a trap. Remember this. Where is Rockefeller concerned with that map? The barges. The barges.
I see the barges highlighted to me, the boats that float down this river there.
These barges, they look like trash barges. They're flat-belly barges.
Like you would see an oil tanker, but they're carrying stuff like trash.
You know what I'm talking about? It looks like a flat cart. There's one in particular.
It's like the same method as Gaza. Lord, I would like to know the date.
Show me the date, Lord. When? All these things. When? I never ask when, but what is the date?
When do they plan on doing this? He's not going to tell me on this channel.
His response: "Braden, it's more than one date."Be more directive in how you ask the question. I don't want those answers.
You know, it's interesting, like when he just answered the way back how George Washington Carver would ask about the peanut.
His response was like the peanut, and he said to give you more detail would put you in danger.
He said, "You ask so much. Like, pray on it."Oh, you know Brandon, he's so amazing.
I love the way he talks back. He captures me and the way he draws me.
He said, "What you need to do the most is pray for your president's safety.
Pray for President Trump's safety. Pray for Washington, DC.
Pray and uncovering and Mar-al-lago."He said, "We're going to leave America for a second and go to South Korea."He said, "I have things that need to be done in South Korea for corruption."Corruption at the highest levels trying to take away the freedoms.
I see the people devising a plan to bring more communism on the land.
In fact, it's being infiltrated and influenced at the highest level by China.
There's a bridge there for my church there to spread the gospel throughout Asia.
And the bridge must not go down. It's a bridge to the other Asian nations.
Do you understand? North Korea, all this—there's great prayers.
I see as South Korea goes, so the rest of them go for the open door.
It's like a safe haven, and you can go from there to Japan. It's a hub is what I want to call it for the end times.
And the enemy wants to take it down. And even Taiwan—freedoms.
I see a woman—and I don't know who this woman is—that has short hair.
"That's her. That's her."Who? Prime Minister of Japan. Okay.
That's her. That's the woman I see. That's interesting. Why would you show me the Prime Minister of Japan?
What is she going to do? Remember the Sooners between the two, South Korea and Japan.
Remember the Sooners concerning crypto legislation. Pro-crypto.
This is interesting. I see it like when you see a field that has been tilled.
The field—I want you to hear this, it's a vision. The field has been tilled, but the plants are growing up.
And at the top of this is a coin. On each individual stalk of the plants growing in the field of Japan is a coin, and it's a golden coin.
It's a coin, but it represents a crypto. And at the top of the stalk, the fruit of the stalk, do you understand?
Like every plant produces some kind of harvest, but this is coming up out of the ground.
And I see how it's tilled and the dirt is plowed, and in the middle, this plant looks like a corn stalk coming up out of this, and at the top of it is a coin. And you can use your imagination what coin that is.
I'm not saying, but there's a coin there, and it's tilled through all of this, and it's a field vast, full of it, and all of them are golden at the top of it in Japan as a support system to their currency.
A reserve. A future reserve. You hear what I'm saying? A future reserve.
It's kind of like you say America has gold as—it's backed by the gold standard.
They say Japan will be backed. It will be a reserve in the days ahead.
This is going to be announced. It's in the field. But the field is not just little sprouts; the field is ripe.
And I'm not telling you who it is or which one it is. It doesn't matter.
You pray it out. But I see a golden thing. Isn't that interesting? It's really beautiful, son.
And I see it like when you go down in the Iowa cornfields, you see them as far as the eye can see.
You can see this like rice fields. And shortly behind it, the same standard.
I hear this: a standard. And this will be with another country in South America.
Who's the man that just won? I see his face. And this will be pronounced soon.
That country in South America will be like this. That's him. Who is that? Argentina. I'm about done.
When I see over for a little bit like this, my spiritual eyes get tired.
But it's getting longer and longer. It used to be only about 10 minutes.
Now it's gone to 15, it was 20, now it's hours. Sometimes I can last in it when I'm looking over.
It's very interesting because before when I was just starting out, I could only go for like two or three minutes at a time.
But the more I've matured and I've gotten older, I can look over and the Lord allows me to look over for a longer time.
Stronger alliances daily, and then trying to be an overthrowing of the government concerning Venezuela, an overthrowing of things.
I see an uproar concerning Venezuela, trying to have an uprising.
The United States, similar to Iraq. You hear me? Iraq. Oil. Watch Iraq. Watch it.
It's those three men still standing in the way—the three men at the Central Bank.
There's three men that are standing in the way. I see them again.
The Lord shows me the three men, these three corrupt men. They have great ties in Tehran.
I see Iran. I see Iraq. There's so much corruption in the Central Bank of Iraq. Remove all the blockages, Father. Let the artery flow.
Remove all blockages, Father, concerning this for the Central Bank of Iraq.
Let the artery flow; all blockages, all hindrances be removed in the name of Jesus.
Your time of delay is up. Cease and desist in your maneuvering and release it now in the name of Jesus. Let the water flow. Let the artery flow. Corruption.
It's a suppression and oppression to suppress and to oppress the people, robbing them blind from Article 140.
The hydrocarbon law. Great corruption be removed in Jesus'name.
Let the artery flow. These three men—it's the same thing is falling over Venezuela.
Type and shadow. Corruption in the government. Corruption in the finances.
Corruption for the people. Keeping them broke. Keeping them oppressed.
Financial corruption. Tyrants. Men that are tyrants. Article 140, the hydrocarbon law, a distribution.
A breakthrough will come. It won't be as much as what you thought, Sharon.
A breakthrough will come. I see palm trees. Rolls-Royce. Kind of like the Saudi Arabian men.
There's coming a breakthrough. We call all the arteries to be unclogged.
We call the arteries to become unclogged. There's so much corruption here.
There's so much I see in the spirit realm. The Lord, it's the same as Venezuela. Do you understand what I'm talking about?
And I don't know if that—you know, people say, "Brandon, you don't know politics."I just—this is what I see.
I see Venezuela and I see Iraq and I see corruption. Don't say you parked there long enough.
Now go on. Now I'm in Europe again and I see those Tomahawk missiles, those red-tip missiles.
I see the red-tip missiles again. I don't know what this is, but it looks like holes in the ground full of red something.
And it's all bright red. I see these holes in the ground. Lord, what is that?
It looks like they're all shaped like an O, like an egg shape.
They're all like an egg shape and they all go side by side by side and there's red over the top of them.
It looks like it was poured into it like wax. I don't know what that is.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they never get those missiles.
We don't want those long-range missiles into Kyiv, into Ukraine, shooting off into Moscow, shooting at the Kremlin.
We don't want any of this, Father. We don't want escalation.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that cool heads will prevail. Father, we call de-escalation in things.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the young men that are on the battle line right now, all these people that are sacrificing their life for this war that is needless.
There's so many people that have lost their life in a needless battle.
Cool heads will prevail in Jesus'name for today. Okay. So, now we go back to New York in the harbor.
From Ukraine to New York Harbor. It went from there to that bomb.
I see the building. Do you understand what I'm saying? I see it, son. It went from there.
I saw the long-range things and it went from Ukraine and I was back in New York and I see the Hudson again.
I see the big tall building again. I see the barge out there with the men on the barge shooting things off of it like in Gaza.
Thank you, Lord. May we pass the test. Thank you, Father. All glory to God.
All glory to Jesus. We thank you, Father. We attract to deflect.
It's not about me. It's all about him. All glory goes to Jesus.
Isn't Jesus wonderful that he shows us that which is to come? We attract to deflect. Thank you, Father.
I have this treasure in an earthen vessel that the excellency of the power will be known of you and not of me.
I attract to deflect. It's all about Jesus. Isn't Jesus wonderful?
You die daily. Keep yourself under. All this will pan out. You're going to see so much in the days ahead.
But we attract to deflect. We give him the glory. We're the mirror.
We shine it on him. It's never about Brandon. It's all about Jesus.
He can use anybody. He can show anybody anything. He doesn't have to use me. He could use any one of you.
He just says, "Brandon, come and visit."And I just say, "Okay."But he could use any one of you, any one of you that fast.
I always say stay small in your own eyes. No matter how much he shows me, no matter how much he warns us, we always give him the glory and the honor and the praise.
I am nothing and he is everything. He will not share his glory with any of us.
I'm his son. I'm a joint-heir with Jesus Christ. But I decrease and he increases all the time.
I always give you the glory and the honor. I have a treasure in an earthen vessel.
Thank you, Father, for showing us that which is to come. We give you praise tonight for what you've showed us.
And we keep praying into it. And we pray over this man that he would have a reserve.
Crypto reserves. That's all I will say. Glory to God each day.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? Well, I'm glad you came tonight. I will end it there.
I want you to always know Brandon's just here and I'm just thankful that God would use me today.
I just want you to always realize no matter how much he shows me and how accurate or how inaccurate, whatever, I'm a treasure in an earthen vessel.
I want you to always keep our eyes on Jesus in all this. I'm going to find that building that I saw in New York.
I have an idea whose it is. So, I'll go around in my Google search and find it with Braden.
We love you all. Thank you for joining us tonight. Could you do me a favor, please?
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and be a part of our prayer team.
I really truly believe we're touching the nations for Jesus.
I believe the arteries are unclogging for the Iraqi people for the HCL, the hydrocarbon law of article 140.
That's what I was hearing in my spirit. We will see a foundation of blessing for the Iraqi people.
They've been oppressed for long enough. And it's time for the wealth to transfer from the wealth of the wicked laid up for the just.
I believe God is doing something. But there's three men standing in the way.
And I believe with all my heart that we can remove them if we pray. We did tonight, didn't we?
I don't know how many people were even here, but I believe with all my heart we did something.
So, we give all the glory to Jesus. All 7,000 of you. Well, praise the Lord.
And we pray for Japan's reserve with the fruit of the—that lady will be good.
I believe that. I pray for her. We want her to use smart decisions for their country and South Korea also.
So the Sooners, glory to God, a lot will change. And a new industrial revolution is upon us.
A new industrial revolution concerning AI and crypto and the beast system.
It's all upon us. Everything will change from what you've ever seen before.
The unfolding and the revealing of the beast system all with AI.
Capital A, lowercase i. That's what the Lord always says. So, please subscribe, click the notification bell.
Thank you for your support for my family by doing that. It really helps us.
We're growing the channel. Jesus is. But I just want to tell you all thank you.
You stick around. You pray with us. You've been faithful to pray with us.
And I know you have other things to do. I'm trying to tell you, we've got to come up higher in our prayer time.
There's so much that he wants to show us. And we cannot microwave it.
It has to be well-cooked. A good meal is not microwaved. A good meal is a slow cooker.
You cook it and it's slow and it's good tasting. The flavor is better.
Microwave tastes bad. You ever microwave a steak? It tastes nasty. Air fryer is better.
But I'm just saying microwave steak tastes nasty and you go, "I cooked that yesterday and I am not eating it."It gives a bad flavor.
So, we love you all. Thank you for joining us. I'll let you go. It's almost 11 o'clock.
You can go and maybe catch the news and pray a little bit more.
We'll see you again tomorrow. Remember, put a smile. Do they have any questions?
I'll ask that since it's so early. Yeah, they're asking about Sooners, what Sooners meant.
The Sooners were the ones in Oklahoma that took the land before the land run. The land run took place on April 22nd of 1889.
It was when they took the land and it was really sad because it was from the Indians.
But the Sooners were the ones that went out and got the land before the land run started and they took the land prior to the land run and they were called the Sooners.
The Lord calls them the Sooners because they will be the real first ones.
I keep seeing Japan and South Korea being the first ones to really establish themselves into the crypto world in the Asian community, becoming major powerhouses for the new industrial revolution with reserves.
The Lord shows me South Korea and Japan, and he calls them the 'Sooners.'It came out of prayer.
I get keywords like you all see, and the Lord gave me that, but then tonight again he took me there and showed me that again, and I thought that was interesting.
Then he showed us Venezuela and Iraq, and that they are oppressed and suppressed.
The people are not treated right; it's very communist and very sad.
People live underneath a government that's terrible, kind of like Cuba. There are so many other nations that are like that.
But for whatever reason, I saw America trying to have a regime change in Venezuela, trying to influence to get rid of the man with the black hair slicked back.
I saw the same way they did Saddam; they will try to do the same to this man with the slicked hair.
What's his name? You know who I'm talking about—the slick hair guy.
Yeah, Nicolas Maduro. Yeah, Nicolas. I saw it be similar to Saddam. And it's oil, oil, oil, oil, oil. Remember that.
He kept saying that; I heard in the spirit realm many times: 'Oil, oil, oil, oil, oil.'It's to block them from joining BRICS.
They don't want them to join BRICS to back the BRICS nations because they have oil, and it will get them around the Western sanctions and all the things they try to use to suppress them because they're corrupt.
They have a bad government and the way they treat their people.
There's a lot of witchcraft there; I saw a lot of witchcraft in their nation.
What was interesting as I was looking in the spirit over Venezuela was a line of dirt, but then there was a haze of witchcraft above it that looked like a fog—a satanic, demonic fog that was over the land.
I could see the dirt and I could see tropical areas, but as the dirt went up, I could see a demonic fog resting on the nation that looked probably about three or four feet thick.
It was resting on all of the nation. I've never been to Venezuela, but I'm telling you it looked jungly.
It looked tropical, but it had a demonic layer across the nation with witchcraft, and it suppressed the people.
I don't know if there's a lot of the occult there, but that's what I saw—a lot of the occult on the land.
But then when I saw his face, I saw Saddam. Does it make sense? Like they were paired, like twins, like brothers.
But they're not brothers; that's just the way the spirit showed it.
Then I saw a Bank of Iraq, and the Lord was talking about that and bringing liberty for the people of Iraq, praying for their finances and that there would be a breakthrough coming.
I saw palm trees and I saw Rolls-Royces, but I saw the sheikhs, the princes of Saudi Arabia, how they are very wealthy and they have yachts and all the money.
That's what this was like. There was wealth coming with big high rollers reestablishing Iraq—a new frontier, a new Babylon.
But it's all establishing for the antichrist and the Mahdi.
All of the Arab nations will go into prosperity because of the Mahdi; he is from over there.
So you see that the Arab nations will have great influence—Saudi Arabia and these other nations.
It's interesting, the things the Lord showed me. They said, 'Well, how's that going to happen?'I don't know; I just know that I see it.
I guess it's good. Well, I'm going to go and we'll call it a day, and we will be back tomorrow.
We'll pray together and we will keep doing what we do. I feel like we're making good progress.
Don't you, son? I feel it in the spirit, but I pray you all are happy with it.
You're coming here and taking your time to pray with me. It's our prayer group.
My wife and I started this, and we're excited you come—all 7,000 of you.
It's awesome. This is a huge auditorium full of people praying.
I believe that many hands make light work. God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.